---
navigation:
  title: "About"
layout: full-width
head:
  description: Discover the essence of my portfolio. Explore my expertise in design, development, and more. Elevate your projects with my innovative solutions.
  image: https://www.neit.edu/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/Cyber-Security-Icon-Concept-2-1.jpeg
---

# About Me

Hey there! I'm Nguyen Van Trong, a passionate individual with a keen interest in cybersecurity. Currently, I'm pursuing an internship/fresher focused on red team activities, where I thrive in simulating real-world cyber threats to enhance organizational security.

## Cybersecurity Intern (Red Team Focus) 

### NOTE : THIS IS SOME FAKE DATA INSIDE

As a Cybersecurity Intern specializing in red team-based tasks, I leverage my technical skills and strategic thinking to identify vulnerabilities within systems and networks. My responsibilities include:

- Conducting penetration tests to assess security measures and identify potential weaknesses.
- Collaborating with blue team counterparts to enhance defense strategies and incident response procedures.
- Developing and executing simulated cyber attacks to evaluate the resilience of IT infrastructures.
- Providing actionable recommendations to mitigate risks and strengthen security posture.

### Skills & Expertise

- Proficient in offensive security techniques such as network scanning, exploitation, and social engineering.
- Familiarity with industry-standard tools like Metasploit, Burp Suite, and Kali Linux.
- Strong understanding of common attack vectors and methodologies employed by threat actors.
- Excellent communication skills, essential for effectively conveying security findings and recommendations to stakeholders.

## About Me (General)

In addition to my cybersecurity endeavors, I am enthusiastic about Designer and Manager role. With a dedication to continuous learning and a drive to make a positive impact in the cybersecurity field, I'm excited about the opportunities ahead.

Feel free to connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tysonnguyensec) to learn more about my journey and explore potential collaborations.

Looking forward to connecting with like-minded professionals and enthusiasts!

